Story Name: Dave and Lucian 
Written by: Braylen Hammond - CodeCraftMaster - Owner
Original Idea by Scratch Account @BS_Blue_Sand7089

Starring: Dave, Lucian, Bloons

Blurb:
Two monkeys, Dave and Lucian, are going on an
awesome adventure. All of a sudden, they see bloons.
The bloons are about to fight, what will Dave and Lucian do?

Story:

Dave went on a stroll across the Monkey Meadows to find
Lucian's house. Dave knocked in excitement and Lucian answered.
Dave asked "Can we go on an adventure?". Lucian answered:
"Of course, let's go, I wont forget the darts in case the bloons appear".
Dave said "Alright, lets go", and off they went. 

Dave and Lucian started strolling down the Monkey Meadows,
enjoying every sight they see. The enjoyment was not going to last long.
All of a sudden, Dave heard a conveyor of bloons, preparing to fight.
Dave exclaimed "Oh no! Its the bloons! Lucian, we need to prepare now!".
Dave pulled out the darts, Lucian grabbed the glue gun. Dave and Lucian put
on enhanced eyesight goggles, and off they went.

Dave and Lucian walked up to the conveyor. Dave precisely aims at a bloon
and pops it like its nothing. Dave said "Great, one popped, but there's way more to go!".
Lucian started shooting out the glue to slow down the bloons on the conveyor. "Good job, Lucian!"
Dave replied. Dave kept on launching darts precisely, and Lucian slows down the bloons.

However, all of a sudden, a camo appeared. The good part is, Dave and Lucian had enhanced
eyesight, so they popped it like a piece of cake. But then, the MOAB came. The handy powered-up
cannon launcher in Dave's backpack became helpful, and they broke the MOAB quickly, and the bloons
inside were popped.

The bloons became more defenseless, but then the BFB came up. Luckily, Dave had a tack shooter
and four more cannons. Dave skillfully put them out. Popping that pesky BFB was a piece of cake.

Then the bloons had no more defenses, so they were just popped. Dave and Lucian celebrate a victory
by doing their signature dance, then they happily strolled down the Monkey Meadows to take Lucian back home.

They've arrived to Lucian's house, Dave said "That was a long day, but goodbye.". 
"Goodbye" Lucian replied back.
Lucian closed the door and Dave strolled back to his house

-- END OF STORY --

This story was brought to you by CraftMaster Read.
