Story Name: Lucid Dream

Starring: Dave, Lucian

Disclaimer:
This is not a tutorial on
how to lucid dream, its just
a story.


Part 1 - It's bedtime!

Dave was ready to sleep, he put all his devices away,
and prepared to sleep. He drifted off to sleep. He
really wanted to try the WILD technique since it was
new to him.




Part 2 - The technique

Dave's alarm goes off. It's 3:00am. Ready
to perform the technique, he bravely closes
his eyes but doesn't drift off to sleep.
Here came the hard part, Dave had to wait
30 minutes for the technique to finish, but
he did it.

While waiting, he finally saw hypnagogic imagery.
While this meant he was about to enter sleep
paralysis, he was brave enough to continue, and
not get scared. The imagery got more complex,
Dave couldn't move a thing, he was in sleep
paralysis and this meant he was one step closer
to lucid dreaming.

As the imagery got more complex, Dave did not 
interact with it and he waited patiently.
Finally, the imagery formed his dream, which
was an empty grassland and he was there.


He performed the reality check, he was
fully aware he was dreaming. He stab-
ilised the dream then 



Part 3 - The Dream

Dave, while not getting too excited, 
wanted to spawn his friend Lucian into
the dream. He said 'When I turn around,
I would like to see Lucian'. He turned around,
there was Lucian. They chatted for a while,
then they spawned a hockey rink. Dave
tried entering a combination but
 he somehow got it. 

Dave had no idea what the PIN was, the
PIN pad was just a jumble of random numbers
that changed every time he looked. But, they
entered the Hockey Rink, got some slushies, then
enjoyed the time there.

However, not long after, the whole dream
started to fade. Couldn't believe how
early the dream ended.



Part 4 - Dave wakes up

Dave really enjoyed the dream,
unfortunately its over now but,
he was ready for another dream
the next night. Hope you're excited for
the sequel, Lucid Dream 2.





The End


This story was brought to you by CraftMaster Read

https://craftmaster.netlify.app/craftmasterread for more books